Enable the option to disable shared passwords (#11582)
wagtail/wagtail: docs/reference/settings.md

For more details, see the [](login_page) documentation.

### `WAGTAIL_ALLOW_SHARED_PASSWORD_PAGE`

> If you'd rather users not have the ability to use shared password protected pages ("Accessible with the following password"), you can disable it with this setting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd rather users not have the ability to use a shared password to make pages private, you can disable it with this setting:
```

```python
WAGTAIL_ALLOW_SHARED_PASSWORD_PAGE = False
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

See [](private_pages) for more details.

```

### `WAGTAIL_ALLOW_SHARED_PASSWORD_COLLECTION`

> If you'd rather users not have the ability to use shared password protected collections ("Accessible with the following password"), you can disable it with this setting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd rather users not have the ability to use a shared password to make collections (used for documents) private, you can disable it with this setting:
```
